add analytics migration note for 4.0.0 docs (#4042)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/upgrading-wso2-api-manager/upgrading-from-200-to-400.md

!!! Attention
    If you are using WSO2 Identity Server (WSO2 IS) as a Key Manager, follow the instructions in [Upgrading WSO2 IS as the Key Manager to 5.11.0]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/upgrading-wso2-is-as-key-manager/upgrading-from-is-km-520-to-is-5110) instead of the following steps.

!!! Attention

>     Since on-premise analytics data cannot be migrated to the Cloud, it is required to keep the old analytics server and UI running for required period of time (3 months) after migrating to the new version API-M 4.0.0.

Author: i gave as an example

>     Since on-premise analytics data cannot be migrated to the Cloud, it is required to keep the old analytics server and UI running for required period of time (3 months) after migrating to the new version API-M 4.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As the on-premise analytics data cannot be migrated to the Cloud, you need to maintain the old analytics server and keep the UI running for as long as you need that data (e.g., 3 months) after migrating to the new version of analytics in WSO2 API-M 4.0.0.
```

Reviewer: If the above suggestion is correct. Pls apply it to the other pages as well.
